Add wasm-unsafe-eval to CSP (#16943)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/102/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

- The {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting")}} API, which provides features to execute script, insert and remove CSS, and manage the registration of content scripts is now available to Manifest V2 extensions ({{bug(1766615)}}).

> - The 'wasm-unsafe-eval' directive has been added to the [content_security_policy](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest key to enable a Manifest V3 extension to use [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly) ({{bug1766615)}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With the introduction of support for the 'wasm-unsafe-eval' CSP keyword in Firefox ({{bug(1740263)}}), Manifest V3 extensions are now required to specify this keyword in the [content_security_policy](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest key to use [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly). For backwards-compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can still use WebAssembly without the keyword ({{bug(1766027))}}).
```

## Changes for add-on developers

- The {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting")}} API, which provides features to execute script, insert and remove CSS, and manage the registration of content scripts is now available to Manifest V2 extensions ({{bug(1766615)}}).

> - With the introduction of support for the 'wasm-unsafe-eval' CSP keyword in Firefox ({{bug(1740263)}}), Manifest V3 extensions are now required to specify this keyword in the [content_security_policy](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest key to use [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly). For backwards-compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can still use WebAssembly without the keyword ({{bug(1766027))}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With the introduction of support for the 'wasm-unsafe-eval' CSP keyword in Firefox ({{bug(1740263)}}), Manifest V3 extensions are now required to specify this keyword in the [content_security_policy](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest key to use [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly). For backwards-compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can still use WebAssembly without the keyword ({{bug(1766027)}}).
```
